Alexis Bernier 40208693 (Alexis07Bernier).
Will be responable for Project Management and Front end development.
Will do front-end development of the part of a website or application that is visible to the user and interacts with them.
It involves writing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code to create the user interface, and ensuring that it is visually appealing, responsive, and user-friendly.
Also responsible for making sure that the website or application works smoothly and efficiently on various devices and platforms.
Responsible for planning, executing, and closing projects within an organization.
He is responsible for defining project scope, goals, and objectives; assembling and coordinating project team members; managing resources, schedules, monitoring progress and making adjustments as needed.
His ultimate goal is to deliver the project within scope, on time, while ensuring customer satisfaction.

Tatiana Blogu 40172342 (tati-b).
Will be responsable for UI/UX and Product Testing and User stories.
Creates and designs the user interface and user experience of digital products such as the website and applications.
Will design (User Interface) the visual elements of the product, such as buttons, icons, and layouts.
And (User Experience) make sure thet it is easy and enjoyable for users to interact with the product.
create designs that are both aesthetically pleasing and intuitive to use.
This includes conducting user research, creating wireframes, prototyping, and testing designs to ensure a seamless and satisfying experience for end users.
Also responsable for stories used in software development and describe a specific, user-centered requirement or feature of a product. To
track changes to the code in a clear and organized way, so that we can easily collaborate with team and make updates when necessary.

Louis Huynh 40212574 (Wandering-Fool).
Will be resposable for back end and databases.
It involves the development of the application's underlying functionality and logic, such as managing user authentication,
processing data requests, and handling database transactions, is responsible for generating and serving dynamic content to the front end,
and for storing and retrieving data from the database. Responsible for writing code, designing databases, and creating algorithms to support
the application's functionality, security, and scalability.

Paul Humennyj 40209588 (PaulYH).
Will be responsable of front end and Submission rerview, user stories.
Make code to create the user interface, and ensuring that it is visually appealing, responsive, and user-friendly.
Also responsible for making sure that the website or application works smoothly and efficiently on various devices and platforms.
Responsable of the process of evaluating, assessing, and checking a submission for quality, accuracy, and completeness. It refer to reviewing the application or the project, or any other type of submission in the project.
Ensure that the submission meets certain standards, requirements, or guidelines, and that it is free from errors, inconsistencies, or inaccuracies;
may provide feedback, make suggestions for improvement, or request additional information or clarification from the submitter.
And helps to ensure that it meets the expectations of the audience.
Responsable for stories used in software development and describe a specific, user-centered requirement or feature of a product. To
track changes to the code in a clear and organized way, so that we can easily collaborate with team and make updates when necessary.

Nicolas Beaudin Pearson 40096610 (Patacorn).
Will be responsable of product Testing and back end, Minutes meeting.
Evaluating the product to assess its quality, functionality, and performance. His goal of product testing is to identify any issues, defects,
or shortcomings in the product and to determine if it meets the requirements and specifications. And back end developement to build and maintain the mechanisms that process data and perform actions on website.
And the Minutes meeting do a written record of the discussion, decisions, and actions taken during a meeting to serve as an official record of what was discussed and agreed upon during the meeting, 
and can be used for future reference, as evidence of decisions made, or as a basis for follow-up actions.

Mina Wahba 40190793 (Monat555).
Will be responsable of Product Testing and back end.
Helps to ensure that a product is safe, reliable, and of high quality before it is released.
Evaluates the product's performance, quality, and user experience.
Responsible for testing and providing feedback on new and existing products and  report any bugs or issues they encounter and provide suggestions for improvement.
Responsible for back end for storing, retrieving, and processing data, handling user requests, and serving content to the frontend.
Ensure overall functionality and performance of a website and focuses on creating scalable, secure, and reliable systems and algorithms that can handle large amounts of data and user requests.

















